website/api/Link.md, before:

# `<Link>`

Provides declarative, accessible navigation around your application.

```js
<Link to="/about" activeClassName="active">
  About
</Link>
```

## `children: node | func`

The Link component also accepts a function as children.
This will allow you to use custom component to render the link
or use the router with react-native.

Children function parameter is an object with the following keys:

- `isActive`: (bool) whenever the Link is active
- `location`: the location passed to the Link
- `href`: (string) with the router url
- `onClick`: (func) the dom onClick event handler
- `transition`: (func) a shortcut to router.transitionTo with the "to" setted on the link

```js
<Link to="/courses">{
  ({isActive, location, href, onClick, transition}) => 
    <RaisedButton label="Courses" onClick={onClick} primary={isActive} href={href} />
}</Link>
```

## `to: string | object`

The pathname or location descriptor to link to.

```js
<Link to="/courses"/>
<Link to={{
  pathname: '/courses',
  query: { sort: 'name' },
  state: { fromDashboard: true }
}}/>
```

## `activeStyle: object`

An object of styles to apply to the element when the location matches
the link's `to` prop. It will be merged after a `style` prop object.

```js
<Link
  to="/courses"
  style={{ color: 'blue', background: 'gray' }}
  activeStyle={{ color: 'red' }}
/>
// will always have a gray background
// at /foo will be 'blue' (inactive)
// at /courses will be 'red' (active)
```

## `activeClassName: string`

A className to apply when the location matches the link's `to` prop.

```js
<Link
  to="/courses"
  className="course-link"
  activeClassName="active"
/>
// will always have "course-link"
// at /courses it will be "course-link active"
```

## `activeOnlyWhenExact: bool`

When true, the link will only apply `activeClassName` and `activeStyle`
if the link's `to` matches the `location` exactly.

```js
<Link to="/courses" activeOnlyWhenExact activeClassName="active"/>
// at /courses this will be active
// at /courses/123 it will not be active
```

## `isActive: func`

Allows for customized handling of whether or not the link is active.
Return `true` for active, `false` for inactive.

```js
<Link
  to="/"
  activeStyle={{ color: 'red' }}
  isActive={(location) => (
    // only be active if there is no query
    !Object.keys(location.query).length
  )}
/>

<Link
  to="/courses"
  activeStyle={{ color: 'red' }}
  isActive={(location, props) => (
    // make it active for "/courses" and "/course/123"
    // Even though it's not technically active, it is
    // theoretically for the sake of a navigation menu
    location.pathname.match(/course(s)?/)
  )}
/>
```

## `location`

If you don't want to use the location from context, you can pass the
location to match as a prop instead. Useful in redux apps for links deep
in the hierarchy.

```js
<Match pattern="/foo" location={this.props.location}/>
```

# `</Link>`

Commit message:

Add <Link replace/> and <Redirect push/>.
These props allow selecting pushState and replaceState for navigating to
the next state.

Fix #3903.

website/api/Link.md, after:

# `<Link>`

Provides declarative, accessible navigation around your application.

```js
<Link to="/about" activeClassName="active">
  About
</Link>
```

## `children: node | func`

The Link component also accepts a function as children.
This will allow you to use custom component to render the link
or use the router with react-native.

Children function parameter is an object with the following keys:

- `isActive`: (bool) whenever the Link is active
- `location`: the location passed to the Link
- `href`: (string) with the router url
- `onClick`: (func) the dom onClick event handler
- `transition`: (func) a shortcut to router.transitionTo with the "to" setted on the link

```js
<Link to="/courses">{
  ({isActive, location, href, onClick, transition}) =>
    <RaisedButton label="Courses" onClick={onClick} primary={isActive} href={href} />
}</Link>
```

## `to: string | object`

The pathname or location descriptor to link to.

```js
<Link to="/courses"/>
<Link to={{
  pathname: '/courses',
  query: { sort: 'name' },
  state: { fromDashboard: true }
}}/>
```

## `activeStyle: object`

An object of styles to apply to the element when the location matches
the link's `to` prop. It will be merged after a `style` prop object.

```js
<Link
  to="/courses"
  style={{ color: 'blue', background: 'gray' }}
  activeStyle={{ color: 'red' }}
/>
// will always have a gray background
// at /foo will be 'blue' (inactive)
// at /courses will be 'red' (active)
```

## `activeClassName: string`

A className to apply when the location matches the link's `to` prop.

```js
<Link
  to="/courses"
  className="course-link"
  activeClassName="active"
/>
// will always have "course-link"
// at /courses it will be "course-link active"
```

## `activeOnlyWhenExact: bool`

When true, the link will only apply `activeClassName` and `activeStyle`
if the link's `to` matches the `location` exactly.

```js
<Link to="/courses" activeOnlyWhenExact activeClassName="active"/>
// at /courses this will be active
// at /courses/123 it will not be active
```

## `isActive: func`

Allows for customized handling of whether or not the link is active.
Return `true` for active, `false` for inactive.

```js
<Link
  to="/"
  activeStyle={{ color: 'red' }}
  isActive={(location) => (
    // only be active if there is no query
    !Object.keys(location.query).length
  )}
/>

<Link
  to="/courses"
  activeStyle={{ color: 'red' }}
  isActive={(location, props) => (
    // make it active for "/courses" and "/course/123"
    // Even though it's not technically active, it is
    // theoretically for the sake of a navigation menu
    location.pathname.match(/course(s)?/)
  )}
/>
```

## `location`

If you don't want to use the location from context, you can pass the
location to match as a prop instead. Useful in redux apps for links deep
in the hierarchy.

```js
<Match pattern="/foo" location={this.props.location}/>
```

## `replace: bool`

When true, clicking the link will replace the current history state with
`replaceState` instead of adding a new history state with `pushState`.

```js
<Link to="/courses" replace/>
```

# `</Link>`
